hi I'm calling on behalf of the Romney
campaign to see if we can count on your
vote this Tuesday glad to hear it don't
forget polls closed at 7 p.m. we're on a
roll
I am so energized this is happening
we're making history yeah well we might
finally elect our first autistic
president I'm so proud to be a part of
this moment wait what well sure I'm not
a big part but we all help we're a part
of this not that did you just call Mitt
Romney autistic yeah sorry I know it's
impolite to talk about but this is
history we should be proud Mitt Romney
is not autistic and of course he is
we just don't mention it to be polite
Mitt Romney is not autistic he's just a
little robotic and seems to lack some
human compassion and has trouble
connecting with people on an emotional
level oh my god Mitt Romney is autistic
see we're making history this is
inspiring he'll show autistic kids
everywhere that there's nothing they
can't achieve sighs no Mitt Romney is
obviously not autistic look at the
debates he was very natural and sociable
then only after weeks of practicing how
to talk make jokes and sit on a stool
come on autistic people don't run for
president they spend their time
obsessing over inanimate objects whoa
that is an offensive generalization I'd
expect more from you especially as a
Romney supporter though to be fair his
name is Willard but he prefers to be
called mint an inanimate object
yeah and he's super obsessed with cars
no he's not ahh here I'll Google in
Romney cars Oh click on that one you
know I love cars I love cars I like
American cars I love American cars you
showed me one square foot of almost any
part of a car I could tell you what
Brandon was Chevy Silverado Dodge truck
look at GTO a Ford Mustang I love cars
and long may they rule the world that
doesn't prove anything well there's a
related video Romney's awkward moments
I'm not sure about these cookies they
don't look like you made them completely
airtight kettle mounted on the top of
our car morning y'all corporations are
people binders full of women trees are
the right height well I like music of
almost any kind including this being a
little stiff isn't the same thing as
being autistic Oh Betsy you are proof
for making progress
when you look at Mitt Romney you don't
see a person with autism you see a
president maybe we're already living in
a post autistic world no I just really
don't think he has autism yeah me
neither I just need some reason to get
excited for this guy I need a bottle of
water hmm
no one's here a pitcher let's suppose I
could pour myself a glass of water I've
definitely done this before dozens of
times